Hello. I'm LESTR.
Meet our new doorman. We
named him after the dead one.
What's happening to our
sweet little murder building?
Things are changing fast.
You... You go. uh.
talk to Lester's wife.
-Lillian loves me.
-It's Lorraine.
I'm in Dr. Tidyman's
trial group.
and I'd like to get the
next four doses of...
Nicky used to carry these decks
around everywhere he went.
-Maybe it's something.
-I have a facility with cards.
Oh.
Among other things.
This table's been through it.
What do you think happened here?
I was playing with these
bozos the night Nicky died.
So Nicky... "chh!"...
chopped off his finger.
Jay lost
his right finger.
The finger we have curves left.
This isn't his finger.
Per the
contract you just signed.
you're unable to podcast about
management of the company.
And we have new
majority stakeholders.
Who?
They joined forces.
They're all dirty.
Wow. this was really under
the Arconia all these years?
Yes. and Lester and Nicky
have both been here.
This room has gotta hold
some answers for us.
You know what real money buys?
I'm not talking yachts or jets
or even one of those
cute little pygmy hippos.
That's what I'd get.
He'd live in my bathtub.
it'd be cute as hell.
Anyways. I'm talking real money.
the "fuck you" kind.
That money buys the most
valuable thing there is:
silence.
Nobody's ratting out the rich.
Why?
Because they'll
squash you like a bug.
And so. over here.
uh. we found a tear
in this ta... table?
Well. it must have
been done by a cleaver.
but it's been repaired...?
And under here is a...
a-a-a secret drawer
where we found an
envelope full of money.
It opens with a code
from the roulette wheel.
Okay. got it.
Oh. now hold on
a goddamn minute.
You mean to tell me that there's
been this giant-ass gaming palace
down here the whole time.
but you guys are just
finding out about it?
Well. to be fair. I just found
out this building has a gym.
Hmm. I don't know.
It looks pretty
fucking clean. guys.
I could eat lamb chops
on this poker table.
But we saw blood.
They... They... They cleaned.
Are you telling me that the
super-villains got in here with a Swiffer?
Of course. they didn't.
And that's your in.
Somebody's cleaning up
after these motherfuckers.
which probably means it's someone
that works in the building.
A little pro-police hack:
when investigating the
super-rich. talk to the help.
Rich people are constantly doing
dumb shit in front of them.
She's right. And they
probably paid off the police.
You know. two cops showed
up at the dry cleaners
to "find" Nicky's body.
Do you know these two cops?
Oh. yeah!
Okay. so that one
over there is Bobby.
And that's
my good friend Freddy.
You know. he tells the best...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Do you actually know how
many people are in the NYPD?
And even if I could ID
these guys. I wouldn't.
Because the last guy that
tried to expose dirty cops
had to move to Florida.
God. does that
mean he got killed?
No. it means he actually
has to live in Florida.
Oh. my God.
What... What about taking
our finger to a lab?
Mm-hmm.
I mean. if it isn't Jay
Pflug's. whose is it?
I hear you. but I'm gonna have to
get back to you guys on that one.
I gotta head to the
preschool. I'm on snack duty.
A Black gay parent can't also be
hauling some random-ass
finger around.
Okay. fair. fair.
But what about Sofia?
She's the one that gave us
the cards to get in here.
-She must know something.
-I'll question her.
She and I had a bit of a
connection in Staten Island.
If there's anything to
say. she'll say it to me.
So. that's it?
There's nothing to find here?
Well. whoever cleaned up
in here missed one thing.
Oh. did you find a weapon?
Worse. Shrimp tails.
You know. they can commit murder.
they can take away our podcast.
but nobody. nobody
eats my wedding shrimp.
I paid for six tubs of shrimp.
and only five made it
back to my apartment.
So. these people saw my shrimp
unattended in the lobby
and just helped themselves.
I mean. what kind
of world is this?
Are we nothing but animals?
Oliver. it's
possible that their shrimp
had nothing to do
with your shrimp.
Charles. don't you
share my outrage?
What is he doing?
Oh. my God. he's swiping.
Uh. Charles. are
you on the apps?
Oh. uh. yeah.
I. uh. joined a dating
service for sexy seniors.
It's called. uh. Last Gasp.
You're on Last Gasp?
Okay. very soon I'm
gonna be a good friend.
but it has been a rough few days
and I'm desperate for a laugh.
May I see your profile?
Okay.
Your picture is a
signed headshot.
I'm already feeling better.
Uh. you appear to have
checked the box "bi-curious."
Oh!
I thought it said "bi-coastal."
That explains some
of the responses.
Okay. I need one more good
laugh...
...and yes. there it is.
Under. "Looking for."
you've said. "Clicker."
Well. yeah. I can't... I
can't find it anywhere.
Plus. I think it's kinda
cool that a TV star
can't find his clicker.
'cause it's so relatable.
Yeah. I'm
your friend again.
Honestly. Charles.
I... I'm really glad that
you're getting out there.
Well. thank you. And this
little. uh. side venture
won't take my focus
away from the case.
I'm going to see Sofia.
And... Oh. boy.
Mm. Betty Grable. yum. yum. yum.
I wouldn't mind having
a...
So. I need to be away from
whatever is happening here.
We are gonna go question
the building staff
and you've got Sofia.
Don't fuck it up. Charles.
-Okay. okay. okay. okay. okay.
-Yeah! What...
Phallic knickknack
down. eyes on me.
What is going on with you?
What do you mean? Nothing.
You're lifting weights.
you're acting weird.
What are you talking
about? It's nothing.
I'm just taking
a new multivitamin.
I'm taking
testosterone.
What? Why?
My doctor asked me if I wanted to
join a trial group of guys my age.
It's supposed to build bone
strength and give you energy.
-Is it working?
-I think so.
I mean. uh. my mouth
tastes like pennies.
Yesterday. I opened a pickle
jar like it was no thang.
And I think it's
affecting my pheromones.
I'm being followed by cats.
And you know what? If
I'm being honest...
I am really fighting the urge
to pick you up right now.
-Oh. please don't.
-Coming at ya!
No! Oh. no. no. Charles. please.
Put me down. Charles. don't.
Charles! Ahh!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Ooh. the Arconia downstairs.
Very Downton Abbey.
Will we turn a corner and
find a whole room of people
merrily polishing spoons?
Oh. hey. Randall.
Can we ask you a question?
Yes. it involves a secret gaming parlor
in The Arconia.
Uh. is this another
building test?
-Was. uh. this in the ledger?
-Randall?
-Hm? Hm?
-No need for you
to drop off Miss
Morton's prescription.
LESTR here already got it.
Uh. Miss Morton likes
when I drop it off. so...
Already done.
LESTR here is not a stupid
human who needs sleep.
All of the deliveries
are done overnight.
Wonderful.
Not used to seeing you
two around these parts.
Investigating?
-Well...
-No. no. no. don't worry. don't worry.
My days of trying to join
your little trio are over.
I have traded up.
Information is power.
and LESTR here is a
hotbed of building gossip.
LESTR. hit 'em with a nugget.
Dr. Grover Stanley
in apartment 6C has Crohn's.
Ooh! I do get an endorphin
rush off facts about neighbors.
Gimme another one. little guy.
Not now.
Oliver. There's Ursula.
Oh.
Mrs. Beroni's
third cousin has gout.
I said it can't be
all medical gossip.
Hey girl... sula. what's up?
Drop the act.
We both know there's
something urgent to discuss.
Gut Milk now comes as a pellet.
Same ingredients. just
hardened into a little ball.
You can use it like a
lozenge or a suppository.
depending on what floats
your boat.
Oh. you solved a problem
I didn't know I had.
How many cartons should
I put you down for?
Depends.
Ursula. I'm sure you know
that there's a gaming
parlor in this building.
I don't know.
-Is there a gaming parlor in the building?
-Okay. okay.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. I get it.
The casino? Sure.
Worst kept secret
in the building.
Now. if there's an
open position as dealer
or... I'll say what we're all
thinking... exotic dancer. let me know.
I'm in the market
for a side hustle.
Isn't Gut Milk your side hustle?
Honey. working here. you
can't depend on tips anymore.
Not when all the
tenants are moving out.
Sad to see.
And now. they're hiring
robots to replace us.
Matter of time till
I'm on the street.
Look. we believe that there was
a murder in that gaming parlor.
but when we went to look for
evidence. it had all been cleaned up.
Do you know anything about that?
Lester was tight-lipped about
what went on in that room.
But I know all service work
had to go through one person.
He let a name slip once.
Tommy the Tongue.
The Tongue? What does that mean?
Multiple tongues? No
tongue? Split tongue?
Maybe he was there that night.
Maybe it's Tommy's finger.
Ursula. do you happen to know
if he was missing a finger?
And if so. if he put it
in my wedding shrimp?
You got a lot of
nerve. you know that?
Coming around here.
asking questions.
We're looking into
this for Lester.
I'd take a bullet for
that little Monopoly man.
But you two and the
white-haired guy.
you were the beginning of
the end for this place.
Tommy the Tongue? What the...?
Hey.
Hello. Savage.
Shall we find a
nice quiet booth?
Marone!
Okay. clearly. Ursula
does not wanna talk to us.
But whoever cleaned had to have
thrown stuff out in the trash.
-Right. right. right.
-Which means someone here
still has access to evidence.
Right. Well. at
least until tomorrow.
Isn't that trash day? Oh.
my God. we're on a clock.
-I love a clock.
-You know who we should talk to?
Gary. the trash guy.
Yes! Yes. Gary
and I go way back.
In fact. he was the one
who rescued my Tony in '94
when I accidentally
put it down the chute.
Your Tony?
My Tony Robbins bobblehead.
I got it on the last night of the
seminar when I walked the hot coals.
I told you that.
Uh. Gary?
Gary's dead.
Oh.
To me. He retired.
Said. "there's more to
life than building trash."
-I'm Miller.
-Ah.
Well. uh. welcome to
the building. Miller.
I started three years ago.
Sorry I missed that.
I'm Oliver.
Of course. And you're Mabel.
I know you both.
So. you listen to our podcast?
Nah.
Doesn't come through on this.
Where's Charles. by the way?
And how's he reacting
to the testosterone?
Nice to see him
prioritizing his libido.
Mm. okay. so really
wish I didn't know that.
But it does explain a lot.
Sorry.
You get to know people
when you do their trash.
Speaking of. Oliver. I can't
believe you threw away that offer.
-Okay.
-Offer? What offer?
-On his apartment.
-It was nothing. it was nothing.
Generous. too. Felt like
more than the going rate
for a two bedroom
in this building.
Why didn't you tell me about this?
Listen. uh. um. Miller. has any
unusual trash recently come in.
uh. uh. perhaps from
the gaming parlor?
Uh...
Maybe something concerning
"Tommy the Tongue"?
Time for you all to leave.
I don't believe in
sharing my garbage.
Not with upstairs folk.
Trash!
-Go. go!
-Come on. pick it up!
We're leaving.
I was starting to
think you'd never call.
And I was starting to
think that maybe...
Ma!
I tried salad!
Is this... Is this
chicken the spicy kind?
Do they have noodles and butter?
I had... I had to bring 'em.
It's Mikey's Birthday.
He's 36 today.
But they're going to
sit at their own table.
like real adults!
Mom. I'm drowning.
Waiter. another
martini. another round.
-How are ya?
-That's Mayor Tillman!
Don't be afraid to
make these ones dirty.
Charles?
It's Mayor Tillman!
Mr. Mayor!
-What a surprise!
-Hey. bring it in.
Oh. we're doing this?
Uh. this is Sofia Caccimelio.
Pleasure.
I saw your picture in the
paper next to the sad news
about your husband.
My condolences.
-Tony. stop.
-Ma!
-Shut the fuck up. shut up!
-You shut up.
How is the pod?
Right. I'm... Hey.
I'm still avail
to guest. FYI.
Or. you know. I could just...
I could just do sound effects.
You know. throw in a.
ya know. "honk-honk!"
Or a. you know.
"Where's the beef?" You know?
-I don't know.
-So funny. but it's not really.
uh. that type of podcast.
It's more murder-centric.
Oh. "Awooga!"
That's a fun one.
too. You know. it's...
So. get in touch with Romy
and we'll set something up.
-Okay. I'll be in touch.
-Great. Okay.
-Ooh.
-Sorry. Oh!
My body is brimming with
male hormones right now.
-My handshake could crush a walnut.
-Ah. Alright.
Hmm...
Mm.
Are we even allowed to be
in the staff locker room?
Feels wrong.
Like... Like seeing the pilot
on the plane using the bathroom.
I mean. who's driving?
Well. if we can't get
the staff to talk.
we'll just have to find the trash
room key and get in there ourselves.
Ah. look.
Spare bulbs for the
lobby chandelier.
lint brushes for the
doormen's uniforms.
All little pieces of Arconiana.
Oliver?
Please don't move.
I know you're an adult and
you can do whatever you want.
but I committed to this
building. I bought a couch.
I'm not moving.
The Arconia is my place.
Speaking of.
"Putnam sucks."
That's charming.
Wait a minute.
-Oh. my God.
-Hey.
You aren't supposed
to be in here.
Uh. we... we were just
leaving our holiday tips.
Five months late. or seven months
early. whatever is more believable.
Oh. my God. Jose the Super!
I... I thought you'd
left the building.
Just last week. I denied
your request for a bidet.
Randall. they saw the table.
So. this is your handiwork?
Look. I did carve that.
I'm not proud of it. but this
is not about Lester the human.
-This is about the robot.
-Mm.
And what are the chances? The
same week I start full-time.
they... they bring in this...
this new gizmo that does my job
-better and faster than me.
-Mm-hmm.
You think you aren't next?
-Uh-huh.
-Oh. my days are numbered.
The point is. we're dinosaurs.
How long before cars
start to park themselves?
For years. we've
taken care of these tenants.
And now that we're
getting drummed out.
you think any of them
are standing up for us?
I'll stand up for you.
You will?
This is how we get them
to talk. Win their trust.
Alright. people.
Who's ready to fight?
-Yeah.
-Who's ready for a revolution?
Yeah!
Who's ready for a
building meeting?
I...
So. let's. uh. cut right to it.
There's a secret room in the
building where your husband
ran an illegal poker
game. You gave me the key.
Deck of cards.
The king of hearts
opened the gaming parlor.
The deck of cards
is a key. Of course.
Well. add that to the list of things
I didn't know about my husband.
You're saying you had no idea
what your husband was up to?
I'm more interested in
what you're up to. Charles.
I see it's not someone's
first time at hibachi.
I'm known
for my impressive mouth work.
But what's more impressive is
your ability to change the topic.
Mushroom! Heavy on
the yum yum sauce.
Nicky wasn't the thug
they made him out to be.
Everyone in my family was in...
"construction."
I was determined to find a husband
who wasn't "in construction."
And then I met Nicky.
this sensitive kid.
who worked at his family's dry
cleaners and wrote poetry on the side.
When I'd come
to pick up my pants.
there'd be poems
tucked in the pocket.
-Aw.
-They were terrible.
Compared everything
to a summer's day.
Me. the cat.
even... a summer's day
reminded him of a summer's day.
When we were first married...
we used to talk about
leaving it all behind.
We'd get a place in
Positano and he'd write.
I'd wear a big hat.
But the big hat never
happened. did it?
No.
Not so much as a visor.
I blame my mother.
She doesn't respect
men who aren't brutes.
And she ground Nicky down until
finally. he stopped writing
and became a liar and a cheat.
just like every man
I ever grew up with.
Sounds like our mothers
had a few things in common.
Tell me more.
Let's just say. she
did a number on me.
Excuse me. I...
Grief is funny.
You never know when
it's gonna... hit.
Look. there can't be
anything between us.
I'm a professional.
And I'm
wearing red lingerie.
Semi-professional.
It's late.
I'm gonna... Maybe you...
you see me out to my minivan?
Well. what about the boys?
They're alright.
They can take the bus home alone
if they all stick together.
Do you hear me? You
all stick together.
-We want to go play Fortnite.
-Tony. we talked about this.
-We're taking a break from screens.
-What?!
Yeah. it's his birthday!
So. Charles...
what's it gonna be?
-Oh yeah.
-Be safe. Mom!
-Hello.
-Hi.
Hi. How are ya?
-Good.
-Good to see you.
-Any word from Charles?
-Nothing.
But we shouldn't panic.
Charles is a grown man...
who's on a downward spiral
and strung out on T.
Yes. quite possibly
he's dead in a dumpster.
Well. in other bad news.
I went on the internet
to search "Tommy the Tongue".
Didn't find anything
that wasn't porn.
I even begged Williams to
run his name at the station.
Mabel. I'm telling you. this
building meeting is our ticket.
We make the staff
fall in love with us
and tell us everything we need
to know about Tommy the Tongue.
all before the garbage truck gets here.
Well. this little stunt isn't
gonna do much for your ranking.
My ranking?
Last night I was using
LESTR's makeover app
to try new beard styles. and
I stumbled upon a feature.
A ranking system for each
tenant in the building.
We all have a numerical value.
Isn't that dystopian
and fabulous?
And the robot decides
our value how?
Some combination of
dead Lester's paperwork.
which was all uploaded.
gossip that I've whispered
into his listening device.
and a certain je ne sais quoi.
which he will never reveal.
And don't bother
asking your ranking.
because you will have
to die not knowing.
Okay. Mabel. you're four.
I'm four?
That's not bad.
-Wait. is THĒ above me?
-I do not need to know my number.
I'm very confident with
my place in this building.
Whatever you say. Mr. 237.
Two-thirty-seven?!
Outta how ma...
You know what? I
don't need to know.
Welcome. welcome!
Welcome to my building meeting.
Welcome. all of you.
Let's begin. shall we?
So. I'm Oliver Putnam
and all that hoopla.
And I am thrilled to be
your host at Arconia-Con.
the first ever
tenant-staff mingle fest.
There are no snacks.
Today...
...we're gonna get real about
changes in the building. and...
real about feelings.
Get to it. Temptation
Island starts in ten.
Now. I know it's hard to believe
based on my impeccable
hairline and baby smooth legs.
but I have lived in this
building a long time.
And of course. it's
changed over the years.
that's to be expected.
But there are some changes
that we shouldn't stand for.
And I think I speak for all
of us tenants when I say
that we are not gonna sit
back and let our beloved staff
be replaced by
soulless machines.
Yeah! That's right!
Now. listen. I love the staff.
but as a man with perpetual.
contagious pink eye...
and I mean it's
really contagious.
A-And I just got it
like two days ago again.
and I could blink
too hard and ugh!
I mean. that's it for you. kid.
I like to have my packages
delivered by machines.
I like that I don't have
to make small talk
with the robot.
-Or tip it.
-Yeah.
I believe a building is about the people.
That's why I've gotten
to know each of you.
Who...
Who owns a pet.
And which one of you is more
likely to forget their umbrella.
LESTR knows all that.
Umbrella
forgetters. in alphabetical order:
-Sarah Russell. apartment 2B...
-Shut up. Big Hero 6!
I'll say it.
Either this robot
goes. or we do!
Okay. well. how about a little
sing-along to break the tension?
We're not gonna sing for
you. You turned this place
into the murder building!
Lester the human
would still be our doorman.
if it weren't for you!
Feels like a leap.
But let's get back to the sing-along.
Who knows Send in the Clowns?
The Judy Collins or
the Glynis Johns?
Who do you think?
♪ Don't bother ♪
♪ They're here! ♪
Hey. Charles?
What the hell's going on.
and where's your other shoe?
I don't need my
other shoe to do...
-Move.
-Okay. yeah.
First of all. no.
And whatever this is.
nobody else needs to
see it. Come with me.
Brazzos just became Booze-os.
They're not
taking this seriously.
Okay. uh... uh. let's
get back to the robot. can we?
Yeah. let's get back
to the robot. shall we?
Everybody.
Everyone. P... Please. this
is more than just a building.
this is our community.
This robot is the best thing that
ever happened to this building.
In fact. come here. LESTR.
Let's show 'em what
you can do. babe.
Babe?
Babe!
Wait. where'd he go?
Where's my short king?
Oh. sweet Jesus.
He's been taken.
Alright. Mabel. I know I
don't normally share with you
on matters of erotica.
-Yeah. for good reason.
-Yeah.
But last night...
-kissing happened.
-What?
It happened in the back
of Sofia's minivan.
you know. which is not easy
because of...
...you know. all the
boys' hockey equipment
and the. uh. old
Lunchable wrappers.
you know. sticking to our skin.
But it was kinda...
kind of a magical night.
Charles!
Has the testosterone
affected your brain?
Yeah. I know about that.
And don't get mad at Oliver.
It was the new trash
guy that outed you.
What?
What happened to Gary?
You see that? I
remembered his name.
Yes. the testosterone is
working. it's making me sharper.
You hooked up with a suspect!
She could be using you.
Oh. well. if she's using me.
how come I'm the one who came
away with all the information.
and she went away with nothing?
Fine. tell me. What'd you learn?
Oh. I'll tell ya a few.
uh. little tidbits.
Like. uh. well first of all.
that woman can mouth-catch
like a bear going
for upstream salmon.
I don't know what that proves.
but it's going on the board.
What about Tommy the Tongue?
Did you get anything on that?
Well. didn't get anything on
Tommy. but I did get a little...
-Charles!
-I was gonna say "tongue".
Oh. my God!
-Stop slut-shaming me!
-Great.
So. we are still
exactly nowhere on Tommy.
Alright.
Okay. This is my fault.
Uh. you know. I... I've been
feeling a little down lately.
and I thought the answer might
be for me to find my person.
You know. my Loretta.
But I got carried away.
and I'm sorry I didn't find
out anything about Tommy.
I just wish we could ask Lester.
Maybe we can?
Howard said that Lester's
Arconia paperwork
got uploaded into the robot.
-So. basically. we just have to...
-Oh. no!
...get our hands on the...
That was the robot. wasn't it?
What the fuck?!
Two doormen in two weeks.
Babe!
So. update from my corner.
The garbage trucks came.
so any evidence is gone.
Charles hooked up. got
no real information.
and smells like lunch meat.
Yeah. but I've never felt
more connected to my body.
N-Not now. Charles. I've
just been through something.
You have? That robot
was my best friend.
-What about Sevelyn and Gravey?
-Oh. fuck those two.
Everyone says a cat and
dog can't be friends.
but they've made me a
third wheel in my own home.
I've been kicked out of my bed.
I'm on the couch. Charles.
-Well. you're always welcome here.
-We both know that's not true.
After years of being
rejected by you three.
that robot gave me a
place in this building.
He made me important.
I was the lovable despot
I always knew I could be.
But now. LESTR is gone.
He is gone. and ain't
nothin' gonna bring him back.
Oh. look! A new
one's on its way.
And this one
connects to my Gmail.
I gotta go get my charging dock ready.
Oliver! Mabel!
I wanted to thank
you for that meeting.
People downstairs are calling
it "an abject failure."
but I thought it was nice.
Not every day upstairs
people stand up for us.
I wish it had amounted
to more. you know.
Sadly. this building is changing
whether we want it to or not.
True. But on the plus side.
I got to kill a robot.
And go above ground.
So. as a thank you.
I brought you this.
Ah.
As you can see. it's a portrait
of Lester. our old doorman.
-Oh. of course.
-Right.
The re... resemblance
is uncanny.
Yeah. Outsider Art
is very pretty...
Plus. his features are made
of the garbage you wanted.
The garbage from the
night Lester died?
Yep.
Enjoy.
But don't throw it out.
I'll know.
Uh...
Sorry. Garbage Lester.
but there might be a clue in here.
Hey! Hey. Miller.
Miller. Miller.
I... I was wondering if
you. by any chance...
Still had the offer?
Maybe a fresh start
would be good.
See ya. Miller. Thanks.
Um. okay. Uh. I have
to tell you something.
uh. but you have to
promise you won't be mad.
I can't find my
phone. Are you mad?
What?! Y-Yes. we are mad.
Well. I think I might have
left it in the minivan.
Or Sofia stole it.
Charles. please tell me
you don't have any pictures
of Nicky's body on your
phone from the autopsy.
Oh. shoot. N... Oh.
Yeah... Uh. one.
It was. uh. my screen saver.
Pictures of our murder board?
O-One... Just a few.
One or two... dozen.
Okay. this. um. sucks.
But at least she doesn't
have your passcode.
I did happen to reveal that.
But you know how you're
organically talking
about. like. the number three.
and then you're very
proud of your passcode.
so you just kind
of blurt it out?
Okay. okay. Don't panic.
don't panic. um...
I'm gonna do Find My Phone.
-Oh. we need to find my phone.
-Yeah. I set up my app
so I can locate both
your phones at any time.
Wow. Mabel's obsessed with us.
Okay. it
looks like the phone
is at Sofia's house
on Staten Island.
Okay. it's all very innocent.
I'll just call her up
and tell her I'll come
pick up the phone.
plus a little extra.
-Can we not?
-Jesus.
Wait. the phone... The
phone is on the move.
Where's it going?
Oliver. get your car.
we're gonna intercept her.
-Charles. get the Lester garbage face.
-Okay.
-Come on! Put your drink down.
-Alright.
Hurry!
I gotta say. looking through this
garbage feels like a dead-end.
I don't even know
what I'm looking for.
Well. just keep looking.
It's the least you can do.
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay. Sofia. AKA your phone.
is close by now. just
a couple more blocks.
What is she doing in Flatbush?
I don't know. but maybe you could
shop for apartments while we're here.
I saw you take the
offer back. He's moving.
What? How have you not told us?
Right? The only story
you keep to yourself
is the only one we
actually care about.
I always thought they were
gonna have to carry you
-out of that building loafers first.
-Exactly.
You know. I'm... I'm... I'm
just entertaining the idea.
Okay? And Mable.
even if I do move.
you're young. you'll forget
about me in a couple of weeks.
No. I wouldn't.
You're my friends.
Well. the first real
friends I've had in a while.
I thought we'd stay
in the building
and continue to make this
podcast something real.
A-Again. I'm just... I'm
just entertaining it.
Hey. look at this.
this is interesting.
Is that Lester's handwriting?
Huh. looks like invoices.
Liquor. mixers. a lot
of maraschino cherries.
They're all from the
night of the murders.
Hey. look. all these invoices
are made out to "Tommy."
Could it be?
Yes. the Tongue is implied.
And there's an address
there. 4712 Empire Boulevard.
It's leading us right
to where your phone is.
We have to go!
-Wait. you just missed our turn!
-No. no. this is a shortcut.
-How do you know that?
-I grew up here.
What?
It's Detective Williams.
I
just want y'all to know right now.
if I am found dead tomorrow.
it's because I risked my
ass for the three of you.
Well. did you do it? Did
you find Tommy the Tongue?
Sure. I did. But
this is the thing.
Tommy the Tongue is not
a person. it's a company.
And that company is worth
a shit-ton of money.
Except that money was
withdrawn. all of it.
First thing this damn morning.
By who?
No name was attached.
Just an address.
Is the address by any chance
4712 Empire Boulevard?
It sure fucking is.
That's where we are.
that house right there.
Okay. let me be
very. very clear with you right now.
Hear me when I tell you
I would not go in there.
Turn around now!
Hey. Charles. is
that Sofia's minivan?
Oh. God. hide!
So.
you have to ask yourself.
who would want the money
that bad to kill those dudes?
I think
we have an answer.
Their wives.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm